how distinct every one
of these prompts are.
They give you a
new advantage, right? A
new capability. Key section
here, if you're gonna
be delegating, you're going
to want variables that
you can pass into
your sub-agents, okay? So
that's the only section
tweak that you might
make. Let's go ahead
and open up parallel
sub-agents. Once again, you
know, same process, collapse.
Check out the format.
There's our metadata. title
purpose. You know this
workflow should feel repetitive
and that's what you
want right. You don't
want it to be
novel every time you
open up a prompt
that consumes your engineering
cycles that consumes your
ability to work through